Promscale docs (#654)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: tutorials/getting-started-with-promscale.md

# Getting Started with Prometheus and TimescaleDB using Promscale

## Introduction
[Prometheus][prometheus-webpage] is an open-source systems monitoring and alerting toolkit that can be used to easily and cost-effectively monitor infrastructure and applications. Over the past few years, Prometheus has emerged as the monitoring solution for modern software systems. The key to Prometheus’ success is its pull-based architecture and service discovery, which is able to seamlessly monitor modern, dynamic systems in which (micro-)services startup and shutdown frequently.

**The Problem: Prometheus is not designed for analytics**

> As organizations use Prometheus to collect data from more and more of their infrastructure, the benefits from mining this data also increase. Analytics becomes critical for auditing, reporting, capacity planning, prediction, root-cause analysis, and more. Prometheus's architectural philosophy is one of simplicity and extensibility. Accordingly, it does not itself provide durable, highly-available long-term storage or advanced analytics, but relies on other projects to implement this functionality.

Reviewer: Need one more carriage return
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12288273/107256713-d5402c00-6a07-11eb-9ad3-9c6e0b489920.png)

[Promscale][promscale-github] is an open-source long-term store for Prometheus data, designed for analytics. It is a horizontally scalable and operationally mature platform for Prometheus data. Promscale offers the combined power of PromQL and SQL, enabling you to ask any question, create any dashboard, and achieve greater visibility into your systems. 

Promscale is built on top of TimescaleDB, the leading relational database for time-series. Promscale also supports native compression, handles high-cardinality, provides rock-solid reliability, and more. Furthermore, it offers other native time-series capabilities, such as data retention policies, continuous aggregate views, downsampling, data gap-filling, and interpolation. It is already natively supported by Grafana via the Prometheus and PostgreSQL/TimescaleDB data sources.

> :TIP: For an overview of Promscale, see this short introductory video: [Intro to Promscale - Advanced analytics for Prometheus][promscale-intro-video].

In this document, you will learn:
1. The benefits of using Promscale to store and analyze Prometheus metrics
2. How Promscale works
3. How to install Prometheus, Promscale and TimescaleDB

> 4. How to run queries in PromQL and SQL against Promscale

Reviewer 2: Make these links to the sub-pages?

> ## Next Steps [](next-steps)
> Now that you're up and running with Promscale, here are more resources to help you on your monitoring journey:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## More Information about Promscale [](promscale-info)
As you learn about and setup Promscale using the next four articles, the resources linked below will help you further along your monitoring journey:
```
